Zombie ipsum reversus ab viral inferno, nam rick grimes malum cerebro. De carne lumbering animata corpora quaeritis.
Summus brains sit​​, morbo vel maleficia? De apocalypsi gorger omero undead survivor dictum mauris.
Hi mindless mortuis soulless creaturas, imo evil stalking monstra adventus resi dentevil vultus comedat cerebella viventium.
Qui animated corpse, cricket bat max brucks terribilem incessu zomby. The voodoo sacerdos flesh eater, suscitat mortuos comedere carnem virus.
Zonbi tattered for solum oculi eorum defunctis go lum cerebro. Nescio brains an Undead zombies.
Sicut malus putrid voodoo horror. Nigh tofth eliv ingdead.



Zombie Academic Research

According to a 2009 Carleton University and University of Ottawa epidemiological analysis, an outbreak of even Living Dead's slow zombies "is likely
to lead to the collapse of civilization, unless it is dealt with quickly." Based on their mathematical modelling, the authors concluded that
offensive strategies were much more reliable than quarantine strategies, due to various risks that can compromise a quarantine. They also found that
discovering a cure would merely leave a few humans alive, since this would do little to slow the infection rate.

Zombie apocalypse

A zombie apocalypse is a particular scenario within apocalyptic fiction. In a zombie apocalypse, a widespread rise of zombies hostile to human life engages
 in a general assault on civilization.In some stories, victims of zombies may become zombies themselves if they are bitten by zombies or if a zombie-creating
 virus travels by air, sexually, or by water; in others, everyone who dies, whatever the cause, becomes one of the undead.

In some cases, parasitic organisms can cause zombification by killing their hosts and reanimating their corpses, though some[who?] argue that
this is not a true zombie. In the latter scenario zombies also prey on the living and their bite causes an infection that kills.

In either scenario, this causes the outbreak to become an exponentially growing crisis: the spreading "zombie plague" swamps law enforcement organizations,
the military and health care services, leading to the panicked collapse of civil society until only isolated pockets of survivors remain.
Basic services such as piped water supplies and electrical power shut down, mainstream mass media cease broadcasting, and the national government of
affected countries collapses or goes into hiding. The survivors usually begin scavenging for food, weapons and other supplies in a world reduced to a mostly
pre-industrial hostile wilderness. There is usually a 'safe zone' where the non-infected can seek refuge and begin a new era.
